or up to 2 short
the state gives a thousand laps to the rock
He has a computer with a touch screen and a system of
navigation is good by releasing the work the maximum engine temperature is
41 degrees and that we remain well received by passing two
the state can transport two people moving almost 15 kilometers through
hour and grow a one ton weight left the vehicle has reached point 2
Several orders confirms the arrival successfully
the rover - can also be operated by voice commands
you dt
1 we have also incorporated an automatic pilot with him and we order the
vehicle that you go to a farmer go back to the base and so you do not have to do anything
plus two does not have the necessary information to guide itself
the eyes of the escaut are two cameras that go to the front
and that allow you to see in depth thanks to a computer
this computer can analyze distances in real time
we can go back in front
when a person moves in front of the vehicle the state was followed by a
prudential distance even worse if you're working four case doing
anything but it will continue as we publish a puppy
according to so that when you have finished you do not have to go back to look for the car
but the car that has followed all the way
if there are no astronauts nearby the robotic direction moves thanks to
a navigation system known as crisis
de la isis visualizes and processes a virtual landscape from the topography
up to temperature six hits connected red
here those dates do not treat the debut of the vehicle and take it to
point to play
by sectors
The vehicle has been retired and you can go to the point
well moving to the 1 3 2 1 point in motion
check
the multiple angles give the operator a panoramic perspective
suárez
we confirm for the bicolor
I was sure I'll be like milk meat fish or maybe others
in the future
maybe this same technology guides astronauts in a virtual environment
1 we could use a system like this in helmet use
and so when you walk you can see this market with reality and while
I observe I will not have to look down to see a map and go back to
upload a thousand of this and it will be part of the normal vision
in just a few years this technology will become part of the great adventure
of our era
the first trip to the moon of the 21st century
these are the machines that should allow us to create an environment
self-sufficient in the most inhospitable place
even with these technological advances
It is clear that the risks of this endeavor are many
but the possible reward of a lunar colony is even greater was in
the moon is very large of oils program
besides taking advantage of that to go further we can learn from us
they could then go to more distant places
dt dunga before people get excited when they see that we build these lares
we always send images of people working on the surface of the
moon again
one and 40 years later
this exhibition slogan can send a man to the moon can be done
anything this office and still does not decide what team people relate that
capacity
with greatness
aa